PRIVACY POLICY

This privacy policy governs your use of the software application “Course Rating Assistant” for mobile and 
desktop devices that was created by Lew Carlson for EasyRate. The Application is to help automate the 
Golf Course Rating process. The end result is Course Rating and Course Slope numbers to be used for handicap
purposes. The data produced during use of this App will be supplied to the Authorized Association that is 
responsible for determining and issuing Course Ratings and Slope Ratings for all of the golf courses within 
its jurisdiction. They are the only ones that can produce the official Course Rating and Course Slope. 

User Provided Information:
The Application obtains no information when you download the Application. App users identify their work with 
names or initials as part of the data set. This will typically be the Team members creating the course data. 

This Application records information about Golf courses. This includes all data the user imported from 
Mapping Applications and any entered by the user. This App can import and export very specific position and 
rating information from/to an external map program (like Google Earth). If an external map program is to be
used, the user must install the map program independent of this Application and configure it to start on a 
file type of .kml.

When you contact us for help your name, email address, and all other information you supply will be saved. 
We may also use the information you provided to contact you from time to time to provide the results of your 
inquiry, important information, and required notices. 
 
Automatically Collected Information:
If multiple Teams each use this App, at the end of Measurement and/or Rating, files from each device can be 
transferred to a single device to create a consolidated result. Device names are included as part of this 
data transfer.

If a GPS is connected Location points can be recorded for Tees, Pivot Points, Landing Zones, and Greens. 
The user manually activates the recording of these position points. The Location data is used to provide 
distance information between the recorded points. There is also a trace file that automatically records the 
path of the device.

If you do not want us to use your location for the purposes set forth above, you should turn off the 
location services for the mobile application located in your account settings or in your mobile phone settings 
and/or the Bluetooth connection to an external GPS unit.  

The Application does not provide automatic third party access to information obtained during use of the App. 
An internet connection is only needed to install the App, or if an external App (like Google Earth) needs to 
down load map information. 

We will disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
The data produced by this App is the property of the Golf Course Rating Authority in the area of use. 
The function of this App is to provide the Rating data to that Authority as they are the only ones that can 
produce the official Course Rating and Course Slope. 

Also if required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process, when we believe in good 
faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, 
investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.

What are my opt-out rights:
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. 
You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the 
mobile application marketplace or network.  

Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information:
The Golf Course Rating Authority in the area of use may retain User Provided data and Automatically Collected 
information for as long as necessary. Golf Courses are Rated when first built, after 5 years and then after 
every 10 years.

Data produced during the use of this App remains on the Device even if the App is removed. 
It is up to the user to remove it if so desired.
 
Children:
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.
 
Security:
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, 
electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. Please be aware 
that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security
system can prevent all potential security breaches. 

Changes:
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our 
Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly 
for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes. 
 
Your Consent:
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this 
Privacy Policy now and as amended by us.  

Contact us:
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our 
practices, please contact us via email at LewCarlson@cox.com.
